DC_Identifier_LocalID	DC_Title	DC_Title_Other	DC_Creator	DC_Contributor	DC_Subject	DC_Description	DC_Publisher	DC_Date	DC_Type	DC_Format	DC_Identifier	DC_Identifier_LocalID	DC_Source	DC_Language	DC_Relation	DC_Relation_OtherFormat	DC_Relation_IsPartOf	DC_Relation_HasPart	DC_Coverage
084105	Story most lovely I'll tell	Crucifixion of Christ	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer| Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084106	Story most lovely I'll tell	Crucifixion of Christ	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer| Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005302	Little brown bulls| Young Charlotte		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs	Young Charlotte at the end of the track after Little brown bulls. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005216	Fisher's hornpipe		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing an French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005217	Money musk medley		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "First part composed by Mr. Brusoe."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005218	Good for the tongue		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005219	What Sam Gray whistled		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005220	Old McDonald's reel	Leather breeches	Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005221	Pigtown fling	Long-haired mule	Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005222	Lancers		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "In five parts. Mr. Brusoe is 67 years old. He used to play the lancers like this for dancing classes in Quebec in the 80's. He was taught to play by his older brother, who was well known as a fiddler in Canada. He says he does not read music but I am not sure this is true, and hope to find out, later. His playing is unusual in that he uses 3rd and 5th positions, and his playing is unusually true, clean and clear, for all his thickened fingers. He is the man who told me firmly 'They ain't no sech a thing as a square dance, I seen them things in Chicago but they was just quadrilles they didn't know how to do them"		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005223	Masurka		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "also a reminiscence of Canadian dancing classes"| SRC dust jacket notes: "These records are all overcut but when I reduce volume they are very noisy -- a bakery motor is running across the street."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005224	Sicilian circle	Circassian circle	Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "The Sicilian or Circassian Circle, an old Canadian dance."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005225	Devil's dream		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing  French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005226	Highland fling		Brusoe, Leizime: Fiddle	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--French-Canadian| LCSH: Fiddle tune| Violin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Leizime Brusoe performing  French-Canadian fiddle tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio						Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Oneida County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Rhinelander, Wisconsin	
005301	Little brown bulls		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs	Fragment. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005303	Locks and bolts	Last night I dreamed of my true love| Lass o' Bennachie| At the Back o' Bennachie	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005304	I am a man of pleasure and to Blackwater came		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Fragment. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005305	Sinking of the Titanic		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer| Fannin, Harry: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005306	Barbara Allen	Bonny Barbara Allen| Barbara Ellen| Barbary Allen	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005307	Butcher's boy	Butcher boy| Jersey City| Wild goose grasses	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005308	Crandon ballad| Wayfaring stranger		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Crandon (Wis.)| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005309	Potatoes in the oven		Ford, Warde H.: Performer| Ford, Art: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford and Art Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005310	I'm going from the cotton fields		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Tent shows	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Reconstruction period tent show song"		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005311	Crandon ballad		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Crandon (Wis.)	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Happy O'Brien is chief of police at Crandon. Composed by Ed King of Crandon, Wisc., about 1935..."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005312	Forman Monroe	Jam on Gerry's Rock| Young Monroe	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005313	There is a land of pleasure		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--English| LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005314	Potatoes in the oven		Ford, Warde H.: Performer| Ford, Art: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford and Art Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005315	House carpenter		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sea songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005316	Lost Jimmie Whalen		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Ballads	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005317	Bonnie black bess		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Fragment. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005318	Little brown bulls		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005320	Footwashing song		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Mr. Spencer is 64 years old, the father of Clyde Spencer, dairyman of Crandon. Charles Spencer taught singing school many years in the Ky. Mts."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005321	Go tell aunt Rhody		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Nursery songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005322	My soul's full of glory		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--English| LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Fragment. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "'I knew I could outsing that thing!' said Mr. Spencer when I had to turn the record over."		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005319	Little brown bulls		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Ballads	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
005323	My soul's full of glory		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--English| LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound	MIME: audio/x-pn-realaudio			eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084205	There was a rich man	Young apprentice	Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Mrs. Spencer performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084206	There was a rich man	Young apprentice	Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Mrs. Spencer performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084209	Roune county crew		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--Kentucky| Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "This is a Kentucky feud song, naming the Martins, the Tollivers and numerous other victims."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084207	My parents loved me tenderly	Girl that I left behind	Bailey, Jack: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Jack Bailey performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084208	Might Adley-ca-budley-fately-ca-ham-shaw		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Provenance--Kentucky| LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "A King's name of Greece, spelled out by Mr. Charles Spencer -- Kentucky funning for children."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084210	My buried friends, can I forget		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084211	Lass of Mohee		Spencer, Clyde: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Love songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Clyde Spencer performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084212	Sweet Betsy from Pike		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "(Two verses, leaving Betsy due to get sand in her eyes…) Bud insisted that was all, but I don't believe him, and the roars of the audience when Bud said firmly: 'Nope, that's all -- Betsy take'n died right there!' showed that they really knew better too. I think he started to sing it without realizing what he was getting into. If Mr. Lomax has never collected the unprintable version of Betsy[,] Warde Ford would probably write it down for me; but I don't want to ask for too many of that type of song, and Ford has two rather old English songs of that sort that I want later. I must admit it never occurred to me that parts of Betsy were too highly colored…"		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084213	Two orphans		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Lumberjack| LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "These 3 songs were all popular among lumberjacks."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084214	Twenty-pound bulldog		Ford, Art: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Art Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084215	Lather and shave	Barber	Ford, Art: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Art Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Probably a travelling show song like the above [ The Twenty-Pound Dog ]."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084216	When you wore a tulip		Ford, Warde: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Sung and clogged by Warde H. Ford."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084101	Mermaid		Ford, Art: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| Sea songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Art Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084102	Sinking of the Cumberland		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Ballads--Civil War	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084103	Custer's last charge		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Ballads	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084217	Battle of Antietam Creek		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Antietam, Battle of. Md., 1862--Songs and music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084218	Last fierce charge		Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: War songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084104	Story most lovely I'll tell	Crucifixion	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer| Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084107	Lindburgh	Stolen child| Lindbergh kidnapping	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Fragment. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084108	Lindburgh	Stolen Child| Lindbergh kidnapping	Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084109	Keith and Hiles line	Fox River Line, (Rock Island Line)| Margineau Line	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Immigrants--Wisconsin	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "This is a local ballad."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084110	Keith and Hile line	Fox River Line,  (Rock Island Line)| Margineau Line	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084111	Jack and joe	Give my love to Nell	Spencer, Clyde: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Harry Fannin performing banjo tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084112	Sourwood mountain		Barker, Mr.: banjo	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Songs with banjo music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Harry Fannin performing banjo tunes for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Picked on the 5-string banjo by Mr. Barker…"		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084113	Sourwood mountain		Spencer, Clyde: banjo	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Songs with banjo music	Repeated. Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Clyde Spencer performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound							Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084114	Boys in blue	Bound on Cuby Town	Spencer, Clyde: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Clyde Spencer performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084115	Cripple creek		Barker, Mr.: banjo	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	Songs with banjo music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Mr. Barker performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Recording poor, playing pretty good but am informed there are much better players in town."		1937-07	Sound							Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084116	Brother Jack	My mother was a lady	Ford, Warde H.: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Warde H. Ford performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084117	Black sheep		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084118	Cruel hiss		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084119	Riley and I were chums		Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Old tent show song…"		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084120	Pickled Jew	Down, derry, down	Walker, Robert, b. 1883?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Tent shows	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Robert Walker performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "I suspect this is a tent-show parody using a much older good tune."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084201	Hicks Carmichael		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| ET: Disaster ballad	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "A ballad about a crime committed by a colored man."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084202	Never grow old		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| LCSH: Sacred vocal music	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "This hymn was very popular and a number of people told me it was 'the best song in town.'"		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084203	Judgment Day		Faulkner, Grant, b. 1870?: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs| Temperance songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Bud Faulkner performing for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.| SRC notes: "Temperance song…A man who is bartender at a nearby bar was off duty and came in to listen. When Bud sang the verse condemning 'those who gave them their drinks' to hell-fire, this man burst into tears and ran outside, amid murmers of sympathy from the bystanders."		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
084204	Parting song		Spencer, Charlie, b. 1873?: Performer| Spencer, Rosa: Performer	Cowell, Sidney Robertson: Collector	LCSH: Songs	Forms part of a group of field materials documenting Charles Spencer performing Anglo-American ballads for the Special Skills Division of the Resettlement Administration.		1937-07	Sound				eng			Archive of Folk Culture (Library of Congress)		Spatial: Forest County (Wisconsin)| Spatial: Crandon, Wisconsin	
